one of them was the military these days go to school while they're in
the military sometimes a given time off my best buddy in language school
in the marine corps went back into the service after got in the
marine corps he got in the navy this time and they said you need an
associate's degree we're going to ship you off to the base in California
where you can get a two year degree we're gonna give you three
years to get that done and basically that'll be your major do you while
you're there so they gave him the time to do that he not only got
an associates degree he went to the local state university cal state
Long Beach and got a bachelor's degree because he's pretty smart
guy anywhere card any got two intruders has to agree so that's one
way you can do it in the military sometimes the military they say no
you you got your regular duties of you on the degree you gotta do it
part time lot of people do that to their certain programs like master's
degrees that are basically designed for people so they can get
it in their off time in the military when you have off time you can
read her TV Europe by sports what if you want to do often in or you
can work on your masters to there are other times when you can work
on a master's degree while you're on duty for instance let's say you're
a silo officer in the airforce you have certain duties every hour
the chapter before making sure the missiles ready go but there's
a lot of dead time in between where you really have to study so that
that works out so you can either come to steal your private time or
you might be assigned time by the military to go do advancing your
education enough another degree